The importance of resumes so often discussed and I'm not so sure that
it is that critical frequently people analyze resumes and try to say
you should emphasizes this deemphasize that, but I think once you get
the basics down make sure you list all of your qualifications what
your record is, everything is provable and you can stand by it think
that's about what you wanna do you wanna may spend some time on a
cover letter that goes with the resume but by and large I think you
know people are not looking for something on a resume that will select
you they're looking for is a lack of something on a resume that'll
keep you from getting selected and that's things like we need a guy
with a bachelors degree and this guy doesn't have a bachelors degree
so as long as you can meet the qualifications are looking for and
I think the quality of school you went to make a lot of difference
if you get an opportunity to publish a paper was somebody make sure
you do that and then you have that put on your resume as well I published
A, B, and C article and such and such a journal and that looks
good.